>> Burke Holland: All right, so
you haven't container now what do you
do with the container?
You deploy that container, where to?
To a registry.
So let's go back to Docker here.
And I've got two
registries connected here.
One of them is Docker Hub.
So let me expand this and
hopefully I'm logged in and
here's my registry in Docker hub and
if I wanna get this image into Docker hub
I'm gonna right-click it and say push.
I need to do this.
Okay, the other thing I need to do is I
need to tag this, so let's go ahead and
tag this right here.
So I'm gonna say tag.
And then I need, in order for
it to know which repository to go to,
I have to tell it.
So I have a username in Docker and
so do you if you installed it,
you have a username.
And if you just prefix your
image with your Docker username,
you're specifying that you want this
image to go to Docker hub by default.
So we tag it.
There it is, let's push latest so I will
say push, preparing and now it's pushing.
See?
>> Burke Holland: It's
pushing everything up.
All right, so I'm gonna refresh this, and
we should see our front end master is
image now in my repository in
Docker Hub and there it is.
It's published and in fact, watch this.
What is it hub.docker.com.
All right, here we go.
Now Frontend Masters is actually available
and anybody can pull this down and
run it on their own machine or
run it in their cloud provider of choice.